add migration section for the new ES client (#71604)
elastic/kibana: src/core/MIGRATION_EXAMPLES.md

is quite close to the legacy client Kibana was previously using, there are some subtle changes to take into account 
during migration.

[Official documentation](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/client/javascript-api/current/index.html) 

### Client API Changes

The most significant changes for the consumers are the following:

- internal / current user client accessors has been renamed and are now properties instead of functions
  - `callAsInternalUser('ping')` -> `asInternalUser.ping()`
  - `callAsCurrentUser('ping')` -> `asCurrentUser.ping()`

- the API now reflects the `Client`'s instead of leveraging the string-based endpoint names the `LegacyAPICaller` was using

```ts
// before
const body = await client.callAsInternalUser('indices.get', { index: 'id' });
// after
const { body } = await client.asInternalUser.indices.get({ index: 'id' });
```

- calling any ES endpoint now returns the whole response object instead of only the body payload

```ts
// before
const body = await legacyClient.callAsInternalUser('get', { id: 'id' });
// after
const { body } = await client.asInternalUser.get({ id: 'id' });
```

> Note that more information from the ES response are available:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that more information from the ES response is now available:
```

```ts
const {
  body,        // response payload
  statusCode,  // http status code of the response
  headers,     // response headers
  warnings,    // warnings returned from ES
  meta         // meta information about the request, such as request parameters, number of attempts and so on
} = await client.asInternalUser.get({ id: 'id' });
```

- all API methods are now generic to allow specifying the response body type

```ts
// before
const body: GetResponse = await legacyClient.callAsInternalUser('get', { id: 'id' });
```

```ts
// body is of type `GetResponse`

> const { body } = await client.asInternalUser.get<GetResponse>({ id: 'id' });

Reviewer 2: Should we mention that `GetResponse` should be imported from the `src/core/server`?

Author: This is a question we have yet to answer imho. Do we want to maintain and expose the types for the most commonly used ES API responses?

Reviewer 2: we don't want to do this in the long run. However, it is better than not providing any typings at all. Ok, let's skip for now, probably we can have https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch-js/pull/970 merged soon

// fallback to `Record<string, any>` if unspecified
const { body } = await client.asInternalUser.get({ id: 'id' });
```

- the returned error types changed 

There are no longer specific errors for every HTTP status code (such as `BadRequest` or `NotFound`). A generic
`ResponseError` with the specific `statusCode` is thrown instead.

```ts
// before
import { errors } from 'elasticsearch';
try {
  await legacyClient.callAsInternalUser('ping');
} catch(e) {
  if(e instanceof errors.NotFound) {
    // do something
  }
}
``` 

```ts
// after
import { errors } from '@elastic/elasticsearch';
try {
  await client.asInternalUser.ping();
} catch(e) {
  if(e instanceof errors.ResponseError && e.statusCode === 404) {
    // do something
  }
  // also possible, as all errors got a name property with the name of the class,
  // so this slightly better in term of performances
  if(e.name === 'ResponseError' && e.statusCode === 404) {
    // do something
  }
}
```

> Please refer to the  [Breaking changes list](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/client/javascript-api/current/breaking-changes.html)

Reviewer 2: let's add property name change which is not reflected in the document https://github.com/elastic/kibana/pull/72289#issuecomment-660920606

    // call as current user
    const res = await client.callAsCurrentUser('ping');
    // call as internal user
    const res2 = await client.callAsInternalUser('search', options);
    return res.ok({ body: 'ok' });
  }
);
```

```ts
// after
router.get(
  {
    path: '/my-route',
  },
  async (context, req, res) => {
    const { client } = context.core.elasticsearch;
    // call as current user
    const res = await client.asCurrentUser.ping();
    // call as internal user
    const res2 = await client.asInternalUser.search(options);
    return res.ok({ body: 'ok' });
  }
);
```

### Creating a custom client

The API to create custom clients did not change much:

```ts
// before
const customClient = coreStart.elasticsearch.legacy.createClient('my-custom-client', customConfig);
// do something with the client, such as
await customClient.callAsInternalUser('ping');
// custom client are closable
customClient.close();
```

```ts
// after
const customClient = coreStart.elasticsearch.createClient('my-custom-client', customConfig);
// do something with the client, such as
await customClient.asInternalUser.ping();
// custom client are closable
customClient.close();
```

> Note that the `plugins` option is now longer available on the new client. As the API is now exhaustive, adding custom

Reviewer: I think we almost always created custom clients to extend the API. Maybe this paragraph should go to the top of this section as most people will probably conclude that they can just remove their custom client (or use `request.transport`. Then if someone still needs a custom client they can read further.

Author: Valid point. AFAIK this is the only usage of custom clients
